porto/intermediate_lilypond.md, before:

## Indicators and Spanners in LilyPond

Markup http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/learning/adding-text

Dynamics http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/learning/articulation-and-dynamics#dynamics

Expression http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/learning/adding-text

Articulations(Staccato/Tenuto/Accent) http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/learning/articulation-and-dynamics#articulations

Ties http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.16/Documentation/learning/ties-and-slurs.en.html

Slurs http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.16/Documentation/learning/ties-and-slurs.en.html

Beams (be sure you have at least eighth notes in your hello.ly file) http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/notation/beams

Dynamic Hairpins http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/learning/articulation-and-dynamics

Tempo change spanners http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/notation/writing-text (see rit. Example)

Octavization http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/notation/displaying-pitches#ottava-brackets

Piano pedal markings http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/notation/piano#piano-pedals 

Time Signatures http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/notation/displaying-rhythms.en.html#time-signature

Lyrics http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/notation/techniques-specific-to-lyrics
5 The LCSI model, Containers

#Containers in LilyPond


## Contexts, Engravers, and Overrides in LilyPond

Engravers Explained http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/learning/engravers-explained

Adding and Removing Engravers http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/learning/adding-and-removing-engravers

LilyPond Engravers Reference http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/internals/engravers-and-performers

Commit message:

added review of basics, lcsi model link, and cello example link

porto/intermediate_lilypond.md, after:

## Preliminary: The Leaf, Container, Spanner, Indicator Model of a Musical Score
Throughout, we will consider a musical score as a hierarchy of containers http://abjad.mbrsi.org/core_concepts/lcsi.html

## Review: Basic Leaves
Pitch Entry http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/notation-big-page.html#pitches
Rhythm Entry http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/notation-big-page.html#rhythms
Chord Entry http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/learning/combining-notes-into-chords
Spacer Rests http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/notation/writing-rests


## Indicators and Spanners in LilyPond

Markup http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/learning/adding-text

Dynamics http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/learning/articulation-and-dynamics#dynamics

Expression http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/learning/adding-text

Articulations(Staccato/Tenuto/Accent) http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/learning/articulation-and-dynamics#articulations

Ties http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.16/Documentation/learning/ties-and-slurs.en.html

Slurs http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.16/Documentation/learning/ties-and-slurs.en.html

Beams (be sure you have at least eighth notes in your hello.ly file) http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/notation/beams

Dynamic Hairpins http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/learning/articulation-and-dynamics

Tempo change spanners http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/notation/writing-text (see rit. Example)

Octavization http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/notation/displaying-pitches#ottava-brackets

Piano pedal markings http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/notation/piano#piano-pedals 

Time Signatures http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/notation/displaying-rhythms.en.html#time-signature

Lyrics http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/notation/techniques-specific-to-lyrics

## Containers as Contexts in LilyPond

Contexts Listed and Explained http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/notation/contexts-explained

Voices and Stem Direction http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/learning/explicitly-instantiating-voices

Bach chorales for engraving practice https://github.com/Abjad/presentations/blob/master/porto/bachChoralesTwoStaves.pdf

An .ly file to get started https://github.com/Abjad/presentations/blob/master/porto/containers.ly

## Contexts, Engravers, and Tweaks in LilyPond

Engravers Explained http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/learning/engravers-explained

Adding and Removing Engravers http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/learning/adding-and-removing-engravers

LilyPond Engravers Reference http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/internals/engravers-and-performers

Introduction to Tweaks http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.19/Documentation/learning/tweaking-methods

The Override Command http://lilypond.org/doc/v2.18/Documentation/notation/the-override-command

So What?: Parametric Cello Example https://github.com/Abjad/intensive/blob/master/day-4/cello-refactored/cello.ly
